Update Hub documentation (#4852)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/specialized-guides/pages/large-deployments/hub-reporting.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The connection between hub and peripheral servers is established via ISS v3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connection between hub and peripheral servers is established via Hub Online Synchronization.
```
